Hello, I am Fernando Martinez and this is Emotion.  When I first come
to Vice City I feel all lonely, a man on the outside, a foreigner, then I say
Fernando, you like to talk a lot so I get a well paid job on the radio and
begin to make my name as a successful DJ.  Now I'm not so lonely, but I never
forget my roots, I never forget, so I always have a soft spot for Foreigner,
I've been waiting is next.

Lets keep on breaking hearts and piring lines listen to me and more of this. Your on Emotion

I was losing myself in the music there for a moment, forgive me,
It just hits me so hard sometimes like a massive bit or masionary flying
from a high building, or something, or a truck driving over your foot ya
know?  Powerful like a dream you go to work naked.  Lets take a break
while I recompose myself.  Remember too much emotion is always a good thing.

I think that song says so much about the Human heart don't you?  Or as my people
say corason.  My people make the woman and the cars bounce up and down.  You see love
important but so is the action,  a real man needs more than one thing in life,  do you
know what I'm saying here?  The heart and the loins both on fire.  Groaning and straining
and making hot dirty passionate encounters with the secretaries, while the wife she sleeps
at home.  I know I have been there many times, your on Emotion, where the heart remains
true.

Oh, magnificent I play a song for you, tonight you come to Fernando's night appearance
at the club.  Fernando play some emotional music, maybe you'll meet a pretty lady who isn't
interested in your long term relationship.  But is only in interested in the passion of life.
Maybe even right outside in the parking lot.

Next up we have a beautiful record for you to get in touch with yourself, Cutting Crew
I Just Died in Your Arms Tonight.  Must have been something you said huh?

Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight(Fernando Singing Along)
It must have been some kinda kiss(Fernando Singing Along)

Let me tell you a story, the other night I was in a nightclub, as usual I Fernando
was surrounded by beautiful women, I could have made love to any number of them, then
this really ugly girl come in.  All fat, hairy and ugly and stuff.  Like a big fat cow, all
walking on 2 legs ya know?  But she had the most beautiful eyes I ever saw, it was like opening
a big dirty crabby shell and finding a beautiful pearl.  Than this record come on.  It was very
appropriate, I talk to long Fernando's rating go down, I finish my story luego.

Everytime, that track breaks my heart anew(Long Pause, Song Continues),
so anyway as I was saying this ugly girl in the nightclub you know?  Now of
course I Fernando Martinez did not come home with this chick, as I have
a reputation to keep up, a code, but I could see she was all lonely and stuff,
and I feel really bad so I scour the nightclub, from top to bottom and then I find this snuddy little
English kid Paul or something, standing all alone so I take him over to this ugly girl, I make them
think,  I make them talk, I tell them some jokes and soon they are singing, and they are dancing.
And I say Fernando you have a gift my friend, a gift for romance.  I like to see mens' and womans' to
get together.  People say Fernando use your gift make money or buy a yacht, maybe a fast car, and I say
Fernando is on the radio that is my gift to Vice City!

We just going to take a quick break, listen to some commercials and stuff, don't go away you'll break Fernando's heart.

Wasn't that beautiful?  Like a georgeous woman bending over to pick something up you know? Or a fat girl who suddenly
loses a lot of weight.  I yi yi.

(Song Starts)Fernando: Vice City is a beautiful town, no?  A real special place filled with hopes and
dreams and beautiful and hot women, and men like me.  Well not many men like me.  But it is a jungle
out there a bit like Africa.  You can go out on a safari in Vice City and get a Rhino if you like.  I
love all woman, even the fat ones, though I don't tell anybody about that.  The next record's all about
Africa.  Toto take it away. I love you.

Welcome back you're on Emotion, Con Amigo Fernando Martinez. (Song Continues)  Stay with me stay
with Fernando. Por Favor, Mi amor, sialito, It's like Fernando say to his ex-wife.  I love you please
don't leave.  It is not what you think, I was bitten by a snake and the nice lady, she came to suck out
the poison.  The story you see no work very well.

Marvelous, I love that record.  It grabs me by the crotch and shakes me around until I am not sure
if I am a man or a woman.  Then I remember I am Fernando Martinez, Mister Fernando Martinez, and this is
Mister Mister with Broken Wings.

Interesting stuff, but not as interesting as what happens when a man and woman fall passionately
in love, or maybe when things go wrong you will need a man like Fernando, to sort things out, to make
things whole and better again.  When your throwing household dishes at each other.  When she pulls out
the knife, when the heart and the crotch are not in alignment, you know?

This is Emotion breaking hearts and saving lives every hour of everyday.  You
see I'm your doctor of love, Fernando Martinez except I do not go to medical school.
Fernando knows many languages but I mostly know the language of love.  Some people call
the radio station and say "Fernando are you bilingual?"  I said I try anything once.
Hope you are having a powerful day!  Filled with love and passion and hot dirty action.
You know? Lets take a break.  Don't go away please.  I'm begging you.

Have you noticed how popular synthesizers are getting?  It's not the same as a lonely
man with a pony tail, singing of his love on a guitar. At the door of his hermes hacienda.
But it is not far short. See what you think of mister Jan Hammer.

Oh that was magnificen like a beautiful woman or a group of ugly despite ones.  You know
the kind anyone can get a hold of.  Even if your a little slow and take special classes.  Your
listening to Fernando Martinez on Emotion.  You remember it's a good thing to feel the emotion
but don't have too much emotion you might get an order of protection against you.

Fernando is feeling very emotional right now, so we need to take a break.

This is Emotion lets keep on with the power, this track will break your heart. It's the power of music.

Oh magnificent!

I touch myself.

Hello, I am Fernando Martinez, I think by now you know I am an emotional kind of guy.
People stop me in the street and say, Fernando what the hell is wrong with me? Silk-shirt, hairy
chest, enough aftershave to drown a household pet, but I still cannot get a woman. And I tell them,
you are an ignorant fool. Without the symbol of power and fertility around your nexk, What kind of
woman is going to respect you? That's why I've teamed up with Medallion Man, the shop for medallion
needs. Medallion Man caters to all levels of masculinity, for the strong silent type a medallion the
size of a hub cap will say everything that needs to be said. Even singing medallions for the Casanova
who knows music is the food of love. My old drains, thal houses, dipers, whatever your interest,
we've got the medallion for you. Don't forget, every woman knows, if you can't support a medallion,
you can't support a family.

When I get emotional, I get a puppy, Lionel.
And when I feel better I say, "Fernando, joo don't need a puppy
anymore. Joo need a woman, with big hips, that bear the child that
will someday rise up against joo, and FIGHT joo to the death." So I
throw the puppy away, and take the wench by the hair.

I am talking about the jungle, Lionel, about being the king of the jungle,
like a kitten that is half-off when you stop at the Doggy-Style Pet Store,
Downtown. Maybe joo need to move some y--o. A puppy is perfect. Or maybe joo
are slow, like your mom was exposed to DDT, and joo like a pet turtle. They
have lots of turtles here! Fernando...likes guinea pigs. But I date an
Italian girl, and she no' like it. And plus, they don' taste like real pig.
My mouth is all furry. Is' like the '60s all over again. The women, they are
so hairy. They don' believe in shaving! Come see us here, Fernando will find
you something to cuddle with. "I guarantee it."™ Let's play a powerful track.

That is MY line.

That was more powerful than any chemical that could course through your
veins...a mark on your soul.

That's right Lionel, I am here at Cinder Beast Tattoos. There are things that
last forever, like a paper degree, or the time you play on the railroad
tracks with your slow brother, and he doesn't get out of the way in time, and
joo realize this is, how joo say, a metaphor for the first sexual experience!
You like roses? Or barbed wire? Or maybe joo love someone so much, joo want
their name on your a--, for all eternity. Or you want a tattoo of a mermaid,
AND a gorilla? Or a man, slaying a dragon with his p---s.

These guys take good care of you! They use clean needles, they change them
every week. They train for a BERY long time, like, three days. And some of
them have been in the joint so joo KNOW they have experience. For skulls on
fire, or Egyptian symbols of fertility, come to Cinder Beast Tattoos. This IS
Fernando Martinez, for Emotion. Written on the heart, tattooed on the loins.

I love that guy. He's like a spiritual force. Let's get emotional...let's
take some roofies...here's some more heart-wrenching power ballads.

Yes, I AM Fernando Martinez. I am bringing people together. Just minutes ago,
I brought Bob, a bored married accountant, and a father of three, together
with Nightshade - a WONDERFUL lady. As we speak, they are discovering
"passion," at a discount rate.

I AM an animal, Lionel. A leopard, who cannot change his spots. A tiger, a
DRAGON, a horny bull, scratching his back on the barbed wire, looking out for
the farmer's wife. I broadcast live, Lionel, I AM Fernando Martinez, and I am
LIVE...with Emotion.

In the massage parlor, Lionel. Is' fantastic. Boy, I mean these girls REALLY
know how to relax you! Baby!

Where do you think babies come from Lionel? Not from therapy, buddy, or the
stork, but from the power and the "passion" of a load of baby oil, and a
woman to relax you. You see, we waste so much of our love when you make an
abstract painting on her face, or a map of the Falkland Islands on your
stomach, on a lonely night. But this is BUSINESS class, baby! This is 1984.
It is beautiful, "passion" CAN be released. Boy, do I know that. All the
ethnicities: Asians, the Swedes, the little Mexican girl. It is beautiful.
Really, incredible! Hey baby, I think I'm getting a li'l stress' again! Come
here! (fade out)

I mean, I think we all know love comes...from
the heart, and passion is a spiritual connection between two beautiful
people, not a cheap h---job in a seedy massage parlor. I never have, I never
will. I'd rather dream of someone special. Let's take it from the top.

